This exercise is based on a subset of the data collected by the Open University as part of their learning analytics 
project (https://analyse.kmi.open.ac.uk/open_dataset). The data you need to work on is a file called 
studentInfo.csv (attached at the end of this section) and which contains the following fields:-

code_module – an identification code for a module on which the student is registered.
code_presentation - the identification code of the presentation during which the student is registered on the module.
id_student – a unique identification number for the student.
gender – the student’s gender.
region – identifies the geographic region, where the student lived while taking the module-presentation.
highest_education – highest student education level on entry to the module presentation.
imd_band – specifies the Index of Multiple Depravation band of the place where the student lived during the module-presentation.
age_band – band of the student’s age.
num_of_prev_attempts – the number times the student has attempted this module.
studied_credits – the total number of credits for the modules the student is currently studying.
disability – indicates whether the student has declared a disability.
final_result – student’s final result in the module-presentation.
Your task is to analyse this file with the aim of trying to understand the factors that determine a student's final result. 
Note that you should work on just this one file and do not need to use any of the other datasets collected.
Specifically you need to (allocated marks in brackets):

Summarise and visualise the data. (20%)
Prepare the dataset for analysis (data cleansing, choose appropriate features to model) etc.. (20%)
Choose appropriate models for the problem and build, run and evaluate these. You should aim to explore 2 to 3 models, 
ranging from the basic to the more advanced. (40%)
Present and interpret the results of your models and relate these to the given problem. (20%)
The work needs to be presented as a 8-page (approximately) report in either PDF or Jupyter notebook format, 
and should include all the Python code used and developed.
